padding: it allows us to edit the space between widgets. Can be used on grid() like padx= 10,pady= 10

low level programming language : these kind of programming languages are 
less likely to human language they are closer to the cpu -means it needs 
to be specified for every single process like memory allocation and so on.

high level programming language: these are more likely to human language
these kind of languages are fundamentally cross-platform and are more readable.


module: in TypeScript is a way to organize and structure code. It allows 
developers to split their code into separate, reusable pieces. Each module
can have its own set of variables, functions, classes, and interfaces.
        it may also called as namespace but when namespace is used it refers
        to an internal module and when module is used it refers to an external
        module.

sticky in tkinter : sticky is used for widget. If the widget is smaller than
the area that is assigned it will expand. 


order of parameters : There is no order in which you need to write the
parameters the "Button" widget in tkinter. You can specify the parameters in
any order you like.

weight attribute : this attribute is used with the column/row configure method. 
it is used to specify the relative weight of a row or column in a grid layout. The layout
determines  how much space a row or column should expand or contract when the window is 
resized.

grid_propagate(False) : with this method you can prevent the frame to shrink after
adding a widget. Makes sense now.

making the button bigger: you can use the weight option to make it bigger but you can't use
the height option.

column/rowspan : specifes the number of rows/columns that a widget should span across

the command option in button: If you use this command I highly recommend you to use 
it without paranthesis. It works only one time in the beggining and not afterwards with 
parenthesis.

StringVar: this class store the text that changes regularly. You can
then use this variable to update the text of a label.